Update the GOV.UK Prototype Kit to use GOV.UK Frontend v4.0.0 (#1195)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/updating-the-kit.md

In Finder on Mac or Windows Explorer go to your prototype folder and open the file `VERSION.txt`. This will show what version of the prototype kit you’re using.

- If your prototype is version 8 or before, then contact the GOV.UK Prototype team for help with updating it

> - If your prototype is version 9, 10 or 11, you can update to version 12 by following the steps on this page

Reviewer: To avoid needing to remember to come back and update this when future major versions are released, could we generalise it?

```suggestion
- If your prototype is version 9 or above, you can update to the latest version by following the steps on this page
```

Reviewer: Perhaps being a little pedantic, but these changes also don't really relate to updating to Frontend v4.0 – they're related to releasing the next major version of the kit, which isn't happening in this PR?

Reviewer 2: We user tested this content and made the changes to naming versions as a result for clarity.

Author: Yeah, that's fair - I can pull this commit out into another PR.

> ### Updating to version 12

Reviewer: Similarly:

```suggestion
### Updating to the latest version
```
